added necessary information regarding embedding flutter app into web … (#9438)
flutter/website: src/platform-integration/web/faq.md

### How do I embed a Flutter web app in a web page?

> You have two embed options: embed in an `iframe` and embed in a `div` container.

Reviewer: All this FAQ entry needs to do is to link to this page:

* As I mentioned before, this FAQ entry should link to this:

* https://docs.flutter.dev/deployment/web#embedding-a-flutter-app-into-an-html-page

That way we don't have to maintain two different copies of text on how to embed a flutter web app into an HTML page.

#### Use an `iframe`

To embed a Flutter web app in an [`iframe`][] tag of your HTML file,
add the tag and link to the HTML file that contains your Flutter app.

In the following example, replace `URL` with the location of your HTML page.

```html
<iframe src="URL"></iframe>
```

> #### Use an `div` container

Reviewer 2: I wonder if the term "div" can be taken more literally than it should. After all, `<div>` is a standard web element. The reason it shouldn't be taken literally is because we actually do not require that the element be a `<div>`.  There may be some requirements w.r.t. the elements attachedness, positioning, etc (@ditman can help us define those), but you should be able to use any random `<my-super-duper-element>` just fine.

> #### Use an `div` container

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Use a `div` container
```

Is @yjbanov otherwise ok with this?

To embed your Flutter app using a `<div>` element as a container,
you need to create the element and add some JavaScript in your HTML page.

In the HTML file you want to embed your Flutter-generated JavaScript,
make the following changes.

1. Create a `<div>` tag with a unique `id` attribute.
   You will reference this `id` in a later step. 

   ```html
   <div id="flutter-container"></div>
   ```

1. To initialize your Flutter app, add the following JavaScript code.
   Place this code in a `<script>` tag after the `<script>` tags from the previous step.
   To specify the entry point of your Flutter app, use the `flutter.runApp` function.
   Use the `id` you set in the previous step of this procedure.

   ```html
   <script>
    flutter.runApp(
      {
        element: document.getElementById('flutter-container'),
        initialRoute: '/',
        routes: {
          '/': (_) => MyApp(),
        },
      },

>     );

Reviewer: Is this generated by ChatGPT? This has **nothing** to do with how a Flutter app is initialized from Javascript.

<iframe src="URL"></iframe>
```

> Another way of embedding is In your HTML file where you want to embed the Flutter app,
> create a container using a <div> element. Give it an id so that you can reference it in
> JavaScript. 

Reviewer 4: **suggestion:** Write as shorter sentences per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/accessibility#ease-of-reading). This starts a sequence of steps, so let's number them.

```suggestion
You can also embed your Flutter app using a `<div>` element as a container. In the HTML file you want to embed your Flutter-generated JavaScript, make the following changes.

1. Create a `<div>` tag with a unique `id` attribute.
   You will reference this `id` in a later step. 
```

> ```html
> <div id="flutter-container"></div>
> ```
> In the same HTML file, include the JavaScript files generated by Flutter in the <body> section. 
> Add the following scripts:
> ```html
> <script src="path/to/flutter.js"></script>
> <script src="path/to/flutter_assets/main.dart.js"></script>
> ```
> Replace "path/to/flutter.js" and "path/to/flutter_assets/main.dart.js" with the actual paths to your
> Flutter-generated JavaScript files.

Reviewer 4: **chore:** Code blocks require one empty line before and after. 
Write in active voice per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/voice).

```suggestion

   ```html
   <div id="flutter-container"></div>
   ```

1. In the `<body>` section,
   add `script` tags linking to the Flutter-generated JavaScript files. 

   ```html
   <script src="path/to/flutter.js"></script>
   <script src="path/to/flutter_assets/main.dart.js"></script>
   ```

   Replace "path/to/flutter.js" and "path/to/flutter_assets/main.dart.js"
   with the paths to your Flutter-generated JavaScript files.
```

> Add JavaScript code to initialize your Flutter app inside a <script> tag below the Flutter script includes. Use the flutter.runApp 
> function to specify the entry point of your Flutter app.
> 
> ```html
> <script>
>   flutter.runApp(
>     {
>       element: document.getElementById('flutter-container'),
>       initialRoute: '/',
>       routes: {
>         '/': (_) => MyApp(),
>       },
>     },
>   );
> </script>
> ```
> 
> In the code above, replace '/' with the appropriate initial route of your Flutter app, and replace MyApp()
> with the main widget of your Flutter app.

Reviewer 4: **chore:** 
* Adjust for list and code block spacing.
* Write as shorter sentences per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/accessibility#ease-of-reading). 
* Write as condition, then instruction per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/sentence-structure).

```suggestion
1. To initialize your Flutter app, add the following JavaScript code.
   Place this code in a `<script>` tag after the `<script>` tags from the previous step.
   To specify the entry point of your Flutter app, use the `flutter.runApp` 
function.
    Use the `id` you set in the second step of this procedure.

   ```html
    <script>
     flutter.runApp(
       {
         element: document.getElementById('flutter-container'),
         initialRoute: '/',
         routes: {
           '/': (_) => MyApp(),
         },
       },
     );
   </script>
   ```

   Substitute two values in the preceding code block:
   
   * Substitute `/` with the appropriate initial route of your Flutter app
   * Substitute `MyApp()` with the main widget of your Flutter app.
```

> Style Your Container:
> You may need to style the container and adjust its dimensions using CSS to fit it properly within your 
> web page layout.
> ```html
> <style>
>   #flutter-container {
>     width: 100%;
>     height: 500px; /* Set an appropriate height for your app container */
>   }
> </style>
> ```

Reviewer 4: **chore:** Fix spacing for code blocks and lists.
````suggestion
1. If your container doesn't fit within your page layout, adjust it using CSS. [Optional]

   ```html
   <style>
     #flutter-container {
       width: 100%;
       height: 500px; /* Set an appropriate height for your app container */
    }
   </style>
   ```
````
